Pansharpening: require geotransform on panchromatic and multispectral bands (#7373)
OSGeo/gdal: MIGRATION_GUIDE.TXT

  drivers with write support are encouraged to implement it for error
  propagation.

- Pansharpening now requires that panchromatic and multispectral bands have

>   valid geotransform (in early versions, it was assumed in the case of missing
>   geotransform that they covered the same geospatial extent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  valid geotransform (in early versions the geotransform was not considered, i.e. it was expected that all bands covered the same geospatial extent).
```

Author: your suggestion is actually not quite true. If the geotransforms of the pan and ms band differed by more than one pixel of the pan, then the SpatialExtentAdjustment=Union default logic would add the necessary padding so their geotransform was taken into account (but with integer rounding, so not a sub-pixel accuracy from what I can see)
